listen I've mentioned the raid movies
before and some of y'all actually
listened and experienced those bad boys
and then tweeted at me and how it
freakin changed your life but I know
some of y'all still haven't watched them
in my opinion those are two of some of
the best action films ever made
so when I heard that the director Gareth
Evans was making a Netflix movie where
Dan Stevens would be the guest in a cult
Island where he starts killing them one
by one
I opened a second account it's obviously
a hard to top your work of arts that
came before but I still think that this
one was a solid renta it's super bloody
and it has one of the most interesting
religious metaphors of the year let me
explain so this dude named Malcolm who
becomes a prophet for these people after
none of them wanted to pay taxes to the
king and they all fled to this random
Island something I'll probably do in the
IRS nothing actually gets proven to
these people who get promised that
there's a goddess on this island who you
know only Malcolm can talk to who's
gonna provide crops and shelter and life
for them she doesn't they actually end
up at a point where these people are
keeping Passover on a daily basis except
the blood that they're putting outside
their doors is their own so needless to
say this dude needs to find a way to get
some food for his people before they all
die so he decides to kidnap or rich girl
from the mainland in order to hold her
for ransom but little does he know Dan
Stevens was cast in this movie he was
actually a part of a missionary as we
see in his silence flashback where he
went to go show these people the Word of
God but since they were so full of venom
they let the devil in instead dude gets
a bigger cross to Nick Cannon's stamped
on his back and would he immediately
become a villain if this were a pure
flix film because he just believes that
god is dead
so with that vendetta he decides to go
to the island to take down this cult and
get his sister back and the only reason
he doesn't get caught right away as the
intruder is because he saves the main
guy from this dude okay
you bring anyone at all they were
supposed to Thomas is safe in the
meantime since he's now polite brothers
with Malcolm but says they still don't
know who the snitch is on the island
they drag out the sister they're holding
for ransom and legit just poke her with
a stick
they eventually try to capture him and
he hides down below the floorboards
where the blood goes which if that
wasn't bad enough
Oh No so it turns out that there
actually is a goddess in this island who
is able to help flourish it but it looks
like the witch from freaking Suicide
Squad it turns out that back in the day
Malcolm and his two buds we're the first
to arrive on this island and they
actually encountered her and seeing that
she actually had these two feet alike
powers for the island they decided to
lock her up and forced sacrifices on her
in order to please their people so
there's a little bit of an irony there
in getting on a boat to escape
oppression only to arrive in a place on
it yours and oppress somebody else I've
always been more afraid of what people
are capable of as opposed to what like
demons or all what sort of creatures are
capable of at this point these two don't
escape the curse of being co-pastor kids
and they knock each other up which sucks
when the dad finds out my job this man
ain't pro anything so he legit grabs a
knife and literally carves out his
grandchild killing his daughter as well
so when Timmy chawla made junior takes
out his dagger he recalls that scene
from the raid two slashes his in-law but
doesn't cut him by his neck far enough
to kill him and quim blames the entire
murder on the boy now Quinn being one of
the three oh geez who landed on the
island decides that he's tired of not
being the leader that Malcolm is and
convinces the town to Crucible this boy
as we get a POV of his head getting
squished along with these black Klansmen
so after recreating a kayne music video
dude drills this kid harder than Chicago
and that's when the third og arrives to
see his son being killed he sets off to
go murder the goddess to end all of this
madness Thomas does his pimp moving dips
and then he does a backtracking dips
because I was stuck inside this
warehouse with a creature from Silent
Hill
this thing I think is supposed to be
like some demigod that's a servant to
the goddess but since that'ss refuses to
die terminus style he hits this zombie
from the Last of Us looking dude and
goes all beast mode as he grinds this
creature who conveniently is called the
grinder he meets the goddess who looks
like he'll on Musk and after what I saw
as her transferring her powers and
memory to him she just straight-up asked
him to kill her so that she can be set
free and the whole island gets laid now
quit at this point has gone full been
season 5 of lost right he's locked up
these chicks saying that he's gonna cut
them up he wants to take over the entire
island because he's angry he was never
leader he's talking about how you can
make up a religion in order to control
people during a crisis and all of these
things that of course can't be facts
that I'm not saying that I don't
disagree with this madness that can
happen it's just that he's sounding like
a freakin six-year-old so believe me
when I say that seeing him go was one of
the most satisfying movie deaths of the
year straight to division on this man's
body sadly he did get some jabs in on
Thomas which interestingly enough kind
of goes with the biblical story of
Thomas you know he was one of your shoe
his disciples who legit said that he
would die with him yet that's not what
he went down knowing for in history in
fact he's known as doubting Thomas by
everybody since he was the one disciple
who didn't believe that he had been
resurrected unless he himself touched
the wounds on his side which is where he
was pierced and in the movie Thomas ends
up feeling his own pierced side and
that's when he starts believing again
everyone escapes the island including
his sister since he saved her as he
stays behind bleeding out becoming the
new god of this island as he inherits
her power
so he's practically the new Jacob from
loss now this could be a prequel thank
you guys for checking out this video I'm
Kirsten are your thoughts on this movie
let me know down below like I said
before y'all even watch this one y'all
gotta go watch both raid movies because
they're fantastic but get to know your
theories on this and in terms of the
ending you know and I say that he
becomes the god of the island you can
see it in his eyes literally turning
into the same eyes that the god
had his blood sprouting out you know the
flowers so it has the same power
I hope Malcolm don't do anything since
it seems like he's still alive and he's
right there but if you don't believe me
here's the quote from the director where
he said that he saw it as him now
becoming the new guardian of the island
I know it's a director's quote some of
y'all will Sicario me in the same way
but I'm curious to know your thoughts
about this down below in the comment
section let me know whether you liked it
whether you did it make sure you watch
the raids don't forget to comment like
and subscribe and the smoke monster
won't come after you